aws cooc to xsiam and xsoar (#44379)
demisto/content: Packs/AWS/ReleaseNotes/2_4_0.md

#### Integrations

##### Amazon Web Services

> - Added support for installing the **AWS** content pack in the **Cortex XSOAR** and **Cortex XSIAM** Marketplaces (in addition to the Cortex Cloud platform).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for installing the **AWS** content pack in the **Cortex XSOAR** and **Cortex XSIAM** Marketplaces (with version < 3.0) .
```

- Updated the authentication flow to resolve AWS credentials from the integration parameters and automatically invoke the STS ***AssumeRole*** command when a *Role ARN* is provided in Cortex XSOAR or Cortex XSIAM.
- Added support for *Timeout* and *Retries* integration parameters on every AWS service client. The timeout value is parsed as ``"<read>,<connect>"`` (or just ``"<read>"`` with a default connect timeout of 10 seconds) and retries is capped at 10.
- Updated the **AWS STS Regional Endpoints** integration parameter to wire through the *AWS_STS_REGIONAL_ENDPOINTS* environment variable so botocore picks the configured (*legacy* or `*regional*) STS endpoint resolution mode.
- Added support to run commands on multiple accounts. When *Role name for cross-organization account access* and *AWS organization accounts* are both configured, commands are executed in parallel across every listed account using *ThreadPoolExecutor* (mirroring the pattern from the legacy **AWS-EC2** content pack). Each per-account result is tagged with its *AccountId*, and failures from one account do not abort the rest of the batch.

> - Updated the *Test* functionality to perform a live `sts:GetCallerIdentity` call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the *Test* functionality to perform a live `sts:GetCallerIdentity` call for Cortex XSOAR / Cortex XSIAM (version < 3.0).
```
My mistake you can add it back.

- Updated the integration to remove the redundant *Main Role* parameter. The *Role name for cross-organization account access* parameter is now the single field used for role-name-based authentication across accounts.
- Updated the integration to remove the redundant *Default AWS Access Key ID* and *Default AWS Secret Access Key* parameters. The paired *Access Key* / *Secret Key* parameter is now the single source for AWS access credentials in Cortex XSOAR and Cortex XSIAM. The Cortex Cloud or Cortex XSIAM (version >= 3.0) connector flow is unaffected.
- Removed the unused *Default AWS Account ID* (`test_account_id`) configuration parameter.
- Fixed an issue where ***get_service_client*** returned the original (unbuilt) session instead of the newly constructed boto3 session, preventing session reuse in the health check flow.

> - Added the **STS** value to the AWSServices enum to support the ***sts:GetCallerIdentity*** call in the test_module.

Reviewer: You can remove this line, it internal implementation.

#### Integrations

##### Amazon Web Services

> - Added support for installing the **AWS** pack on the **Cortex XSOAR** and **Cortex XSIAM** marketplaces (in addition to the Cortex Cloud platform).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added support for installing the **AWS** content pack in the **Cortex XSOAR** and **Cortex XSIAM** Marketplaces (in addition to the Cortex Cloud platform).
```

> - Added the following configuration parameters used when running the integration outside the Cortex Cloud connector flow:

Reviewer: Let's verify the naming here as well.

>   - *Access Key* (paired with *Secret Key*) - long-lived AWS Access Key ID and Secret Access Key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - *Access Key* (paired with *Secret Key*) - the long-lived AWS Access Key ID and Secret Access Key.
```

>   - *Role ARN* - full ARN of the role to assume via AWS STS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - *Role ARN* - the full ARN of the role to assume via AWS STS.
```

>   - *STS Region* - explicit region for AWS STS calls.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - *STS Region* - the region for AWS STS calls.
```

>   - *AWS organization accounts* - comma-separated list of AWS Organization accounts to use when running commands across multiple accounts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - *AWS organization accounts* - a comma-separated list of AWS organization accounts to use when running commands across multiple accounts.
```

  - *Max concurrent command calls* - concurrency cap for multi-account commands.

> - Updated the authentication flow so that, when the integration is configured on **Cortex XSOAR** or **Cortex XSIAM**, AWS credentials are resolved from the integration parameters and STS `AssumeRole` is invoked automatically when a *Role ARN* is provided.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Updated the authentication flow to resolve AWS credentials from the integration parameters and automatically invoke the STS ***AssumeRole*** command when a *Role ARN* is provided in Cortex XSOAR or Cortex XSIAM.
```

> - Added support for *Timeout* and *Retries* integration parameters on every AWS service client. The ``timeout`` value is parsed as ``"<read>,<connect>"`` (or just ``"<read>"`` with a default connect timeout of 10 seconds) and ``retries`` is capped at 10.

Reviewer 2: @barryyosi-panw Can the marketplace-ai-reviewer provide suggested updates and not just point out what needs to be corrected? Thanks!

> - Added support for *Timeout* and *Retries* integration parameters on every AWS service client. The ``timeout`` value is parsed as ``"<read>,<connect>"`` (or just ``"<read>"`` with a default connect timeout of 10 seconds) and ``retries`` is capped at 10.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added support for *Timeout* and *Retries* integration parameters on every AWS service client. The timeout value is parsed as ``"<read>,<connect>"`` (or just ``"<read>"`` with a default connect timeout of 10 seconds) and retries is capped at 10.
```

> - Updated *AWS STS Regional Endpoints* integration parameter to wire through the ``AWS_STS_REGIONAL_ENDPOINTS`` environment variable so botocore picks the configured (``legacy`` or ``regional``) STS endpoint resolution mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Updated the **AWS STS Regional Endpoints** integration parameter to wire through the *AWS_STS_REGIONAL_ENDPOINTS* environment variable so botocore picks the configured (*legacy* or `*regional*) STS endpoint resolution mode.
```

> - Added the ***fan-out*** multi-account command. When *Role name for cross-organization account access* and *AWS organization accounts* are both configured, commands are executed in parallel across every listed account using *ThreadPoolExecutor* (mirroring the pattern from the legacy **AWS-EC2** content pack). Each per-account result is tagged with its *AccountId*, and failures from one account do not abort the rest of the batch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support to run commands on multiple accounts. When *Role name for cross-organization account access* and *AWS organization accounts* are both configured, commands are executed in parallel across every listed account using *ThreadPoolExecutor* (mirroring the pattern from the legacy **AWS-EC2** content pack). Each per-account result is tagged with its *AccountId*, and failures from one account do not abort the rest of the batch.
```

> - Added multi-account command fan-out. When *Role name for cross-organization account access* and *AWS organization accounts* are both configured, commands are executed in parallel across every listed account using `ThreadPoolExecutor` (mirroring the pattern from the legacy `AWS-EC2` pack). Each per-account result is tagged with its `AccountId`, and failures from one account do not abort the rest of the batch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added the ***fan-out*** multi-account command. When *Role name for cross-organization account access* and *AWS organization accounts* are both configured, commands are executed in parallel across every listed account using *ThreadPoolExecutor* (mirroring the pattern from the legacy **AWS-EC2** content pack). Each per-account result is tagged with its *AccountId*, and failures from one account do not abort the rest of the batch.
```

> - Updated *Test* to perform a live `sts:GetCallerIdentity` call when configured with marketplace credentials.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Updated the *Test* functionality to perform a live `sts:GetCallerIdentity` call when configured with Marketplace credentials.
```

> - Updated the *Test* functionality to perform a live `sts:GetCallerIdentity` call when configured with Marketplace credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the *Test* functionality to perform a live `sts:GetCallerIdentity` call.
```
It happens anyway, not just foe marketplace configured creds.

> - Updated the integration to remove the redundant *Main Role* parameter. The *Role name* parameter is now the single field used for role-name-based authentication across accounts.

Reviewer: Use the full name of the Role name parameter.

> - Removed the redundant *Main Role* (`role_name`) configuration parameter; the *Role name for cross-organization account access* (`access_role_name`) parameter is the single field used for role-name-based authentication across accounts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Updated the integration to remove the redundant *Main Role* parameter. The *Role name* parameter is now the single field used for role-name-based authentication across accounts.
```

> - Updated the integration to remove the redundant *Default AWS Access Key ID* and *Default AWS Secret Access Key* parameters. The paired *Access Key* / *Secret Key* parameter is now the single source for AWS access credentials in Cortex XSOAR and Cortex XSIAM. The Cortex Cloud connector flow is unaffected.

Reviewer: Let's verify the naming here as well.

> - Removed the redundant *Default AWS Access Key ID* (`access_key_id`) and *Default AWS Secret Access Key* (`secret_access_key`) configuration parameters. The paired *Access Key* / *Secret Key* (`credentials`) field is now the single source for AWS access credentials on **Cortex XSOAR** and **Cortex XSIAM** marketplaces. The Cortex Cloud platform connector flow is unaffected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Updated the integration to remove the redundant *Default AWS Access Key ID* and *Default AWS Secret Access Key* parameters. The paired *Access Key* / *Secret Key* parameter is now the single source for AWS access credentials in Cortex XSOAR and Cortex XSIAM. The Cortex Cloud connector flow is unaffected.
```

- Removed the unused *Default AWS Account ID* (`test_account_id`) configuration parameter.

> - Fixed a bug where `get_service_client` returned the original (unbuilt) session instead of the newly constructed boto3 session, preventing session reuse in the health check flow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where ***get_service_client*** returned the original (unbuilt) session instead of the newly constructed boto3 session, preventing session reuse in the health check flow.
```

> - Added `STS` to the `AWSServices` enum to support the `sts:GetCallerIdentity` call in `test_module`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added the **STS** value to the AWSServices enum to support the ***sts:GetCallerIdentity*** call in the test_module.
```

> - Updated the integration to ensure existing behavior is preserved on the Cortex Cloud platform (Cortex Cloud connector flow).

Reviewer: You can remove this line.
```suggestion

```

> - Maintained existing behavior on the Cortex Cloud platform (Cortex Cloud connector flow).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Updated the integration to ensure existing behavior is preserved on the Cortex Cloud platform (Cortex Cloud connector flow).
```
